Readme.md, before:

# Heroku Toolbelt

The Heroku Toolbelt is a package of the Heroku CLI, Foreman, and Git —
all the tools you need to get started using Heroku at the command
line. The Toolbelt is available as a native installer for OS X and
Windows, and is available from an apt-get repository for Debian/Ubuntu
Linux.

This repository serves two purposes: 0) a static site with
instructions and downloads for the toolbelt packages and 1) tasks
to perform the packaging itself. The `bin/web` script will launch the
web site, while the packaging is handled with rake.

# Setup

The toolbelt stores download statistics in Postgres:

    $ initdb pg
    $ postgres -D pg # in a separate terminal
    $ createdb toolbelt
    $ cat toolbelt.sql | psql toolbelt

# Packaging

First pull in the dependencies with bundler, then pull in the
submodules for `foreman` and the `heroku` CLI client repositories:

    $ bundle install
    $ git submodule update --init --recursive

The packaging tasks vary by platform:

    $ bundle exec rake deb:build # build the apt-get repository
    $ bundle exec rake pkg:build # build an OS X .pkg file
    $ bundle exec rake exe:build # build an .exe file for Windows

Each one has a corresponding `*:release` task which also pushes the
artifacts up to S3. This requires the `HEROKU_RELEASE_ACCESS` and
`HEROKU_RELEASE_SECRET` environment variables to be set to the proper
AWS credentials.

## Windows Packaging

Apart from needing
[Ruby](http://heroku-toolbelt.s3.amazonaws.com/rubyinstaller.exe) and
[Git](http://heroku-toolbelt.s3.amazonaws.com/git.exe), a few
dependencies must be manually installed.

* [Ruby DevKit](https://github.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/wiki/Development-Kit)
* [Inno Setup](http://www.jrsoftware.org/isdl.php)
* [7zip](http://7-zip.org/)
* [signtool](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsserver/bb980924.aspx)

You also need a copy of the `Certificates.p12` file placed in the
C drive root and cert's password set in the `CERT_PASSWORD` environment variable.

# License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © Heroku 2008 - 2012

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

update readme on ruby versions and beta release

Readme.md, after:

# Heroku Toolbelt

The Heroku Toolbelt is a package of the Heroku CLI, Foreman, and Git —
all the tools you need to get started using Heroku at the command
line. The Toolbelt is available as a native installer for OS X and
Windows, and is available from an apt-get repository for Debian/Ubuntu
Linux.

This repository serves two purposes: 0) a static site with
instructions and downloads for the toolbelt packages and 1) tasks
to perform the packaging itself. The `bin/web` script will launch the
web site, while the packaging is handled with rake.

# Setup

The toolbelt stores download statistics in Postgres:

    $ initdb pg
    $ postgres -D pg # in a separate terminal
    $ createdb toolbelt
    $ cat toolbelt.sql | psql toolbelt

# Packaging

First pull in the dependencies with bundler, then pull in the
submodules for `foreman` and the `heroku` CLI client repositories:

    $ bundle install
    $ git submodule update --init --recursive

The packaging tasks vary by platform:

    $ bundle exec rake deb:build # build the apt-get repository
    $ bundle exec rake pkg:build # build an OS X .pkg file
    $ bundle exec rake exe:build # build an .exe file for Windows

Each one has a corresponding `*:release` task which also pushes the
artifacts up to S3. This requires the `HEROKU_RELEASE_ACCESS` and
`HEROKU_RELEASE_SECRET` environment variables to be set to the proper
AWS credentials.

## Windows Packaging

Apart from needing
[Ruby](http://heroku-toolbelt.s3.amazonaws.com/rubyinstaller.exe) and
[Git](http://heroku-toolbelt.s3.amazonaws.com/git.exe), a few
dependencies must be manually installed.

* [Ruby DevKit](https://github.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/wiki/Development-Kit)
* [Inno Setup](http://www.jrsoftware.org/isdl.php)
* [7zip](http://7-zip.org/)
* [signtool](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsserver/bb980924.aspx)

You also need a copy of the `Certificates.p12` file placed in the
C drive root and cert's password set in the `CERT_PASSWORD` environment variable.


## Ruby versions

Toolbelt bundles Ruby using different sources according to the OS:

- Windows: fetches [rubyinstaller.exe](http://rubyinstaller.org/) from S3.
- Mac: fetches ruby.pkg from S3. That file was extracted off
[RailsInstaller]http://railsinstaller.org/en).
- Linux: uses system debs for Ruby.


## Beta versions

In order to test packaging new Ruby versions or change the way builds happen,
it's possible to build beta versions of the Toolbelt, leaving the original
files untouched.

To do so, release a `pre` version of the heroku gem (eg: version it `1.2.3.pre`).
Then, in the toolbelt repo, update the submodule `components/heroku` to match
that version, and push it in a branch (eg: `toolbelt-beta`). Now when you request
Jenkins to build this branch Toolbelt will generate `heroku-toolbelt-beta`
instead, leaving the original file untouched.


# License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © Heroku 2008 - 2012

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
